update compute-device-assignment.md link (#18289)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates.md

- `KubeletPluginsWatcher`: Enable probe-based plugin watcher utility to enable kubelet
  to discover plugins such as [CSI volume drivers](/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#csi).
- `KubeletPodResources`: Enable the kubelet's pod resources grpc endpoint.

>    See [Support Device Monitoring](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/keps/sig-node/compute-device-assignment.md) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   See the [kubelet endpoint for device assignment observation](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/keps/sig-node/compute-device-assignment.md) KEP for more details.
```
(copying the title from the target; it changed since the KEP was drafted).
